20 MONTHLY BULLETIN, INDIANA STATE BOARD OF HEALTH.

[Column 1]

Age 48. Say, Doc, can't you cure my eczema?  My 
rheumatism isn't any better.  Got puffed ankles and pains 
in my feet and shoulders.  Had one of my awful headaches
yesterday.  And, say, Doc–my kidneys don't work right. 
Haven't you got some kidney medicine?

Am I constipated?  W-e-ll yes.  But that don't bother me
much, for Soggo water takes care of it pretty well.  Don't 
do as well as it did at first, though, and I guess it is not 
so good.  Had another dizzy spell this morning; there was 
a ringing in my ears and a full feeling in my head.  Surely,
there is some medicine to cure a little thing like that.

Egad, I don't know what I shall do if I have another 
carbuncle.  They certainly are awful.  They drag one  
down so.

Aged 5O.  Dead  of Bright's  disease.  Suffered terribly  
for two years before he died.  

Moral: "Most men dig their graves with their teeth." 

Dear Citizen:
I am a fly now.  Once I was a maggot.  I hatched out
in a filthy closet in a dirty back yard.  I live on stable 
truth and garbage can slops. 

I carry all kinds of disease on my hairy feet.  This I
wipe off on the sugar bowl or the baby's bottle when I come 
in to see you, or wash off when I take a bath in your coffee 
cup or in your glass of milk. 

I can not live where there is no filth.  I think you must
love me because yon have kept such nasty places for me to 
live in.  I hope you will do nothing to disturb your filth so
that I may be with you again next year.  The fact is, I 
have already laid many eggs in your refuse and when the 
warm weather comes.  If you do not destroy my babies, 
many millions of us will ready to call on you again.

We shall take no offense if you have screens.  They are,
we know, quite a fashion.  All we ask is to be allowed to 
hatch out in our usual haunts and we promise to dine with
you every day.  Good-bye until we meet again, 
A HOUSEFLY AND FAMILY. 

[Column 2]

A DANGEROUS TRINITY
Bronchitis, La Grippe, Pneumonia.

PNEUMONIA is rarely, if ever, so entirely recovered from
as to leave the tissues of the lungs in as healthy a con-
dition as before.

LA GRIPPE (Influenza), more than any other disease, 
leaves behind it damage to the lung tissues, which paves 
the way for future lung troubles, especially consumption. 

BRONCHITIS, or a "common cold," leaves behind a sus-
ceptibility to subsequent attacks because they weaken the 
tissues of the throat, windpipe and lungs. 

DR. F. W. SHALEY, the energetic and very competent 
health officer of Vigo County, in his March report says: 
"Scarlet fever has been the principal disease in this county 
during the month.  Two prominent foci appeared.  One was 
caused by the grandmother taking a child with her from the 
city to visit her daughter, who had a home full of children 
in the country and who was expecting another one soon.
The child from the city was just recovering from scarlet 
fever and was in a state of exfoliation, Now you know 
what happened without being told.  The mother nursed four 
of the children who contracted the disease from this ex-
posure.  Before the children were convalescent, the mother 
gave birth to her child, which on the second day developed 
scarlet fever, and on the sixth day died.  The grandmother 
who took the child from the city and brought about all this 
wreck had instructions from the health department and was 
under quarantine."

"The other focus was from forgetfulness (carelessness 
of a physician).  He intended to report the case to me 
when he reached his office, but forgot.  The case was but 
a mild one and he was never called back to see it.  Thus it
was left to itself and the child re-entered school without 
being disinfected.  Within a week Riley township was afire 
with scarlet fever.  All the schools were closed because the 
disease became so prevalent.  Fortunately the cases are 
mostly mild, yet there are some which are quite severe."
