MOnthly , INDIANATH E
HOUSEFLY. It is only of Into years that people hare come to look upon the housefly as a disease-breeder, being more disposed to look upon the busy
diptuous insect as a scavenger, but modern science has changed all this. In his book. "The HmiseilyÑDisease Carrier," Dr. L. O. Howard, Government
expert, says; Take, for example, the possibilities in Washington and let us estimateÑon the basis of the survival of all eggs and all individual
HiesÑupon plenty of places for I he insert to develop and for the larva* to feed, upon an average of ten days to a generation in midsummer (this
period in.creasing in the autumn and being greater also in the spring.time)Ñlet us start then on April 15 with a single overwin.tering fly, which on
that day lays 120 eggs and we will have the following table: April 15Ñ-The overwintering female fly lays 120 eggs. May 1Ñ120 adults issue, of which
CO are females. May 10Ñ(10 females lay 120 eggs each. May 28Ñ7,200 adults issue, of which 3,000 are females. June 8Ñ:>,<i00 females lay 120 eggs
each, June 20Ñ132,000 adults issue, of which 216,0CM) are fe.males. June 30Ñ210.000 females lay 120 eggs each. July 10Ñ25,920,000 adults issue, of
which 12,900,000 are females. j u j y inÑ12.900,000 females lay 120 eggs each. j u i y 29Ñ1.555,200,^:0 adults issue, of which 777,000,000 are
females. August 8Ñ777,000,000 females lay 120 eggs each. August ISÑ93,312,000.000 adults issue, of which 46,65G,.000,000 are females, August
2HÑ1,6,050.0(30,000 females lay 120 eggs each, September 10Ñ5,r>9S.72O,CO0.000 adults issue. These figures are startling, and surely the housefly,
whether a disease-carrier or not, has enough sins to answer for to condemn him and cause people to swat him relent.lessly. CANCER IN FISHES*
Attention has recently been called to the long known fact that fishes are especially subject to cancer and other infectious diseases, by the
announcement that the United States Government is about to establish a biological station having for its special purimse the study of these maladies.
Cancer seems to be almost epidemic at certain times among fishes, destroying great numbers. Dr. Williams, of Eng. land, has observed that cancerous
tumors occur in trees which grow in low regions in which the soil Is saturated with sewage. It seems quite reasonable that cancer in fish may be due
to a somewhat similar cause. An evident objec. tion tÇ> the use of fish as food is the fact that one can never know how near he is coming to a cancer
diet in eating a morsel of fish. GOo D COUNT Y HEALT H WORK AN D BIG INVESTMENTS* Wise business men who have ^een enough of healfi work to appreciate
its importance, and who know the dif. ference lietween a death rate of twelve and twenty-five )Ç*r 1,000. will not tie up large sums of money in a
community or country where sanitary conditions are questionable. Men who mean much to the development of a community or town are now consulting not
only our national and State depart. STATe BOArd Of HEALTH, I d ments of agriculture, but also hoards of health as to places for investments. The
following letter is to the point. This man, if he follows Dr. Stiles' advice and comes South, must locate in North Carolina, and in either Guilford,
Durham, New Hanover, or Robeson County. The letter is as follows: FEBRUARY (J, 19.12. Dr. W, S. Rankin, Secretary State Board of Health, Ral.eigh,
.V. C : Dear Doctor Hank inÑThe following Incident may be of use to yon in connection with your campaign for permanent; health officers. A gentleman
from New York, representing heavy money interests, called upon mo this morning in ref.erence to buying land in the South for farm purposes, li e
stated that he would not touch less than 5,000 acres, and if he found what he wanted, his purchase would involve some.where between 5,000 and 50,000
acres. He had obtained ex.tensive information, regarding the soils, crops, etc., but said he was unable to obtain satisfactory information regarding
health conditions, I have advised him to inquire into the subject of the county health officer in every county where he looks for land, and have
further advised him that I would not be personally willing to purchase large land holdings of this extent unless I could obtain from the county
authorities a definite promise that a county health officer should be em.ployed at a salary of not less than $2,500 per year, and that he should give
his entire time to the work. Respectfully, (Signed) C. W. STILES, Professor of Zoology. Bulletin North Carolina Board of Health. DR. WILEY O N
COFFEE AN D TEA , "Many parents forbid the use of tea and coffee to theii children, and 1 think this is a wise precaution. * * * I think caffein is
recognized as one of the habit-forming drugs." Here is another' very good reason why the use of coffee should be universally discountenanced. A drug
which forms a habit is poison. No one ever becomes so dependent upon bread or potatoes or any other normal food that he can not find a substitute in
some other wholesome food which furnishes the same elements. But this is 'not true of coffee, or of other habit-forming drugs. The drug itself
pro.duces an effect ujKin the body which changes it so that ft is no longer normal. The tissues have become perverted; the body functions have become
disturbed in such a way that the withdrawal of the accustomed drug produces most dis.tressing symptoms." DIETETICS. A Fools Soliloquy. Age 25.
"Dietetics"! What is or are dietetics? Who cares a dime for dietetics? Time enough to attend to that cranky old matter when one gets sick or old. You
don't get me to listen to the cranks who tell im what to eat and how to eat i t T never think anything about the matter. I just eat everything and
anything. I like to begin a meal with a cocktail. It makes appetite, fills me with a glow and gives enjoyment to the feed, 1 like rich saueea,
gravies, highly spiced thing?, lots of rare meats. Salads! Well, I say yes. Give me lots of salad. Make a dressing with lots of red pepper and strong
vinegar. Do I drink coffee? Watch me. The stronger and blacker the better. I t doesn't hurt me. i t don't keep me awake. I never have a pain. No
dyspepsia in me. Yes, I'm getting a little heavy, but I feel all right- Fro English, I love to eat." gO