1 8 MOnthL Y
BULLETIN, INDIAN A state board of health Social DiseasesÑClinics. San Francisco (county and city)ÑMunicipal Clinic, Regulations for the prevention
of venereal diseases. 7 pp. (Provides clinics for inhabitants of certain districts.) 8ocial Evil Minneapolis Vice Commission. Report to the major,
TM pp. 1911. (This report covers the following points: the size and character of the problem of social vice in Minneapolis, since segregation had
teen given up ; history of effort to handle the problem; methods and policies tried in other cities; related questions such as, sources of supply,
preventive measures, wages for working girls, control of theaters, edu.cation in sex matters, and rescue and reformation.) Tenement Mouses. Survey,
v. 27. No. 2:?. March 0, 1912. Another bad de.cision. (Editorial on the decision of the New York State Court of Appeals, reversing the legal
definition of a tene.ment house.) pp. 1S01-1S00. (Text of the decision, pp. 1910-1017.) Truck On Men Inspection. San Francisco (Cal.)ÑPublic
Health, Department of. Ordinance providing for a new division added to the bureau of sanitation, known as "truck garden inspection." (In its Report,
1010. p. 6.) (This ordinance prohibits the use of polluted or sewage waters for irrigating or sprinkling vegetables for human. consumption and
requires a license and certificate from board of health to produce or sell vegetables for human con.sumption.) TuberculosisÑDispensaries.
PennsylvaniaÑHealth, Commissioner of. Tuberculosis dispensaries, (In his Report, 1008. pp. 433484.) (Gives description of work, statistics, sketch
of a scheme of treatment and forms in use in the dispensaries,) Typhoid Fever. United StatesÑPublic Health and Marine Hospital Serv.ice. Vegetables
as a possible factor in the dissemination of typhoid fever; by R, H. Creel. (In its Public health re.ports, v. 27, No. C. pp. 187-193.) Vital
StatisticsÑMortality. Buffalo (N. Y.)ÑHealth, Department of. Mortality sta.tistics for 1011, as furnished by the health officers of forty-nine
cities, (in its Sanitary bulletin, new ser., v. 5, No. 1, January El, 1012.) Welfare Wor k National Civic Federation. Welfare workers' conference
under auspices of the employers* welfare department. (In its .Proceedings of the eleventh annual meeting, New York, January 12-14, 1011. pp. 314-385.)
(Papers covering various phases of welfare work such as : ventilation, light, accidents in mines, tulwrculo-sis, de.partment store problem, etc.) .
NATURAL DEATH. The instinct for life is indeed strong. It is ascendant even in moments of intense pain or extreme discourage.ment when one might say,
"I wish I were dead." We look aghast at the suicide and finally explain the act on the assumption of insanity. Yet, death is natural and neces.sary,
and there are not lacking reasons for believing that it is always painless, perhaps pleasant, and the dying person never is cognizant of his condition
nor of the mo.ment he dies No more, indeed, than one Is cognizant of the moment he passes into ordinary sleep. The writers have ever compared death
with sleep. Dickens, in describ.ing the death of little Nell, says: "No sleep so beautiful and calm, so fair to look upon." Still, despite all this,
we fear death, Even the word causes us to shudder. Bryant tells usÑ So live that when the final summons comes Thou go not, like the quarry-slave at
night, Scourged to his dungeon, but, sustained and soothed By an unfaltering trust, approach thy grave Like one who wraps the drapery of his couch
About him, and lies clown to pleasant dreams. Here the writer believes that an "unfaltering trust" will enable one to die peacefully and
contentedly. But how are we to come by this? Surely a diseased body will not eon-tribute to its possession. The adoption of high, moral and religious
ideals would i>erfurce attend only a healthy body. Sound minds are not found in unsound bodies. From every point of vU-w, a normal body is required in
order to enjoy a normal life, and if death is to l>e natural, it will attend only a normal life. A pathological or diseased body can not end
naturally. True natural death, which must be very rare in the human race, has been described as follows: "Arrival at extreme age, and still preserving
the last flickers of an expiring Intelligence, the old man feels weakness gaining on him from day to day. His limbs refuse to obey his will, the skin
becomes insensitive, dry and cold; the extremities lose their warmth ; the face is thin; the eyes hollow and the sight weak; speech dies out on his
lips which remain open; life quits the old man from the circumference towards the center; breathing grows labored, and at last tbe heart stops
beating. The old man passes away quietly, seeming to fall asleep for the last time," Death from pneumonia, which is a common cause of death among old
people, is pathological. The pneumonia death has often beeit described as peaceful and painless, but there is always great suffering before the
unconsciousness precedent to dissolution. Arthobiosis, .or right living, is essential to natural life and natural death. That civilized man leads an
unnatural life is plain. li e does net and will not conform to the laws of his well-being, The consequences are illness, disease and premature and
unnatural death. We love, or at least we tend toward complexity in life; and this complexity mili.tates against health, happiness and natural death.
Deli-cafe and rich foods and all stimulants act upon the organs of digestion and secretion in a harmful way. It would be a marked step toward greater
health, strength and longer life to stop inventing new dishes and totally abandon most of those already invented and return to the simple dishes of
our ancestors. Solomon says: "Be ye not among wine bibbers: among riotous eaters of llesh.*' He was preaching morality and orthobiosis when ho said
this. One of the conditions that enabled the Jews of the earlier Biblical times to live longer than civilized people was, beyond all doubt, the
greater simplicity of thin diet. Modern hygiene, which is in open disagreement with the elaborated art of cooking, is also opposed to the complexities
of modern dress and dwellings. Young people, instead of abandoning them.selves to the supiMjsed pleasures with thin sad morbid re.sults of sickness,
pain and premature death, should live the physiological life and enjoy healthful and happy life with a natural death.