The Bondwoman's narrative / by Hannah Crafts, a fugitive slave recently escaped from North Carolina

Call Number:	JWJ MSS 29  (Request the physical item to view in our reading room)

Creator:	Crafts, Hannah

Date:	[ca. 1853-1861]

Subjects:	
African American women--Fiction
Fugitive slaves--Fiction
Slavery--Southern States--Fiction
Women slaves--Fiction
Racially mixed people--Fiction
Passing (Identity)--Fiction
Plantation
Virginia--Fiction
North Carolina--Fiction
Washington (D.C.)--Fiction
Crafts, Hannah

Genres:	
Autobiographical fiction.--gsafd
Slave narratives.--rbgenr

Type of Resource:	
text

Description:	
Probable date range from Nickel, Joe, "Authentication Report: The Bondwoman's Narrative." In The Bondwoman's Narrative / Hannah Crafts, edited by Henry Louis Gates, Jr. New York: Warner Books, 2002.
"C. A. Alma [I?]" inscribed in pencil on verso of last l

Abstract:	
Bound holograph draft, revised, of a fictional or semi-fictional autobiography of a former slave. It details her experiences as a maid in several households in Virginia, Washington, D.C., and North Carolina, and her subsequent escape to the North, where she settled in New Jersey.
The narrator also tells the stories of other slaves she knows or comes into contact with, and to some extent the histories of the families she works for, identified as the De Vincents, the Henrys, and the Wheelers. A large portion of the narrative concerns the pursuit of Mrs. De Vincent by a slave trader who discovers that she is of mixed race. Another substantial section describes the Wheeler's political fortunes in Washington.

Physical Description:	
1 v. ([2],301, [2] p.)
25 x 20 cm.

Rights:	
More about permissions and copyright
The use of this image may be subject to the copyright law of the United States (Title 17, United States Code) or to site license or other rights management terms and conditions. The person using the image is liable for any infringement.

Curatorial Area: Beinecke Library

Catalog Record:	 A record for this resource appears in Orbis, the Yale University Library catalog

Extent of Digitization:	Complete work digitized.

Source Digital Format:	High Resolution (image/tiff)

Object ID:	2002811 
