Bethune-Cookman College Daytona Beach, Florida Mary McLeod Bethune, President          January 27, 1942Bertha L. Mitchell, Secretary-Treasurer
Atty. Thomas T. Cobb, Endowment Treasurer 
Mrs. Eleanor Roosevelt
The White House
Washington, D.C.
 My Dear Mrs. Roosevelt: 
I am today in Florida in conference with representativesof the State Tuberculosis Board. We find that there is still a hitch in the applicalication for the Board for funds with which to construct a 200 bed unit in the State Sanatorium for Negroes. 
The complication seems to be between the Public Works Adminis-tration and the Public Health Service.
 Dr. C. L. Williams of the Federal Security Administration
has approved the unit as a Defense Project and recommends a
50-50 basis by the Public Works Administration, Col. Gilmore, 
of the Public Works Administration, has repeatedly promised to 
request certification of the project from the Public Health Service. The Public Health Service agreed to issue the necessarycertification upon the request of Col. Gilmore. Col. Gilmorerecently wrote you, stating that projects such as this addition at the State Tuberculosis Sanatorium are not the intention of Congress.
 The members of the Tuberculosis Board and I are very much concerned over this project. There is already a great lack ofbeds for Negroes in the Florida Sanatorium. The waiting list for the available beds has been extended. In addition, the State Defense Council has designated the State Tuberculosis Sanatorium
as a base hospital and plans are already under way to evacuate 
approximately 150 patients. This will certainly congest facili-ties for Negroes, which are now in deplorable enough state!
 Now, Mrs. Roosevelt, will you please ask Col. Gilmore to 
send in the request for the certification of this project? Dr. 
Parron is waiting for the request from Col. Gilmore, which he 
promises will be forth coming everytime Dr. Perron requests it of him. These poor people are in such dire need of facilitiesfor the salvat1on of their lives,that I feel very free in making this additional appeal to you. Do make one more desperate effortto get this project through. We know you will do all you can - we can always depend upon you.
 With beet wishes,  Sincerely yours, 

Mary McLeod Bethune
Mary McLeod Bethune

MMB-t