Bethune-Cookman College
Daytona Beach, Florida Mary McLeod Bethune, President		December 31, 1942 My dear Friend: For thirty-eight years I have given untiringly of myself, with the fine, loyal
cooperation of the faculty and students who have worked with me during the years, in 
the building or Bethune-Cookman College - a beautiful Christian Institution on the 
East Coast of Florida. This school stands as a beacon light for the thousands who 
are yet to pass this way.
We are bringing to you now our gratitude for your confidence and help during
these years and assure you again that the investments you have made have paid high
dividends in the lives of our young paople who are rendering service throughout the state and nation. This task has not been an easy one, but a glorious opportunityfor service.
 Because of the exacting demands upon my strength during the years, I felt that 
the time had come for a younger, more vigorous leader to direct the work of Bethune-
Cookman College - to meet the new and over-changing phases of our educational system 
in this war-torn world. I felt that I could not stand in the way of the advancement of the College. With gratitude to God for the opportunity of service which had 
been mine for so long and for the realization of my dreams, on December 15, 1942 I 
requested of my Trustee Board a retirement as President of this Institution and 
asked for the appointment of Mr. James A. Colston, a woll-trainod, forward-looking 
young man, as President. Mr. Colston is a graduate of Morehouse College and holds 
his Master's degree from Atlanta University. He has ten successful years of ex-
perience as an educator, five of which have been given to service as Director of 
Ballard School, Macon, Georgia. Mr. Colston has splendid educational background, 
administrative experience, creative ability and a vision of conscientious service.He served for two summer sessions as Consultant for the Curriculum workshop of Atlanta University SUmmer School, and as Director of the Hampton Institute Summer School in Jacksonville, in 1942..
 My retirement as President does not, in any measure, indicate any lessening 
of my interest in, and influence for the College. I therefore call upon you, my 
friends, to extend to Mr. Colston the same confidence, cooperation and help that 
you have given to me during the years. During this strategic period I earnestly 
request of you a double portion of interest in our program, for we find our 
financial situation to be at a low ebb. I am most anxious, as I turn over the re-
sponsibilities of President to Mr. Colston, to have him begin his work without the 
handicap of an operating deficit. A threatened deficit can be avoided if all of 
our friends will contribute to the work now as they have done in former years, 
knowing that we will gratefully receive donations of any size to help meet the current emergency.
 May the New Year bring to you the blessings of good health and prosperity, 
and to our country victory and peace. 
Sincerely yours,

Mary McLeod Bethune
 Mary McLeod Bethune, President Emeritus. 